Ccm rns v79906 (#2326)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/cloud-cost-management.md

```
### Fixed issues

* Cost data was not displayed on the **Perspectives** page. (CCM-12752)

>   This was caused by the challenge of pushing large volumes of billing data into BigQuery. However, this problem has been resolved by adding support to upload and handle large datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This was caused by the challenge of pushing large volumes of billing data into BigQuery. This issue has been resolved by adding support to upload and handle large datasets.
```

> * Previously, users couldn't view and manage the ignored recommendations for EC2 instances. (CCM-13004) (Zendesk Ticket ID 46353)

Reviewer: Unable to view and manage the ignored recommendations for EC2 instances.

Reviewer: Do you use Zendesk Ticket ID for CCM? we use ZD-46353 in CD. Please verify for consistency.

>  The payload for adding EC2 Recommendations to the **Ignore List** was incorrect. Now, the issue is fixed, and the functionality is working as expected.

Reviewer: recommendations
